.TH LIVE-F1 1 2011-03-27 "Dave Pusey" "Live F1 0.2.11"
.SH NAME
live-f1 - Formula 1 Live Timing client.
.SH SYNOPSIS
live-f1 [options]
.SH DESCRIPTION
The official Formula 1 website includes a Java client, which during races, qualifying, and practice sessions, displays the Live Timing information from the circuit.

This native Linux client displays information from the same Live Timing feed, without the need for a Java-enabled web browser.
.SH OPTIONS
-v, --verbose	Increases verbosity level. Can be used multiple times.

--help		Displays usage information and then exits.

--version		Displays version information and then exits.
.SH HOMEPAGE
https://launchpad.net/live-f1
.SH REPORT BUGS
https://bugs.launchpad.net/live-f1
.SH CONFIGURATION
To be able to access the Live Timing feed, you will need to register for a free user account at:

http://www.formula1.com/reg/registration

When run for the first time, you will be prompted for your formula1.com username and password. Once entered, this information is stored in ~/.f1rc for future sessions. In the event you need to update your formula1.com username and password, just edit this file.
.SH DISPLAY COLOURS
YELLOW		Default colour.

WHITE		Latest information.

RED			Car is in the pit lane.

GREEN		Personal best.

PURPLE		Overall best.

GREY			Driver has been eliminated during qualifying.
.SH PRACTICE COLUMNS
P			Current position.

NAME			Driver's name.

BEST			Personal best lap time.

GAP			Difference between best lap time and P1 best lap time.

SEC 1		Sector 1 time for the current lap.

SEC 2		Sector 2 time for the current lap.

SEC 3		Sector 3 time for the current lap.

LAP			Lap number for the current lap.
.SH QUALIFYING COLUMNS
P			Current position.

NAME			Driver's name.

PERIOD 1		Personal best lap time during the first session. White
.br
			indicates the lap time is within 107% of the P1 best lap
.br
			time. Yellow indicates the lap time is outside 107% of
.br
			the P1 best lap time.

PERIOD 2		Personal best lap time during the second session.

PERIOD 3		Personal best lap time during the third session.

SEC 1		Sector 1 time for the current lap.

SEC 2		Sector 2 time for the current lap.

SEC 3		Sector 3 time for the current lap.

LP			Lap number for the current lap.
.SH RACE COLUMNS
P			Current position.

NAME			Driver's name.

GAP			Distance from the leader, in seconds.

INT			Distance from the car ahead, in seconds. White
.br
			indicates the distance has decreased since the previous
.br
			lap. Yellow indicates the distance has increased since
.br
			the previous lap.

TIME			Lap time for the last completed lap.

SECTOR 1		Sector 1 time for the current lap.

SECTOR 2		Sector 2 time for the current lap.

SECTOR 3		Sector 3 time for the current lap.

PS			Number of times the car has entered the pit lane.
.SH TRACK STATUS
The current track status is shown at the top right of the display.

Yellow Flag	A yellow bar will be displayed.

Safety Car	A yellow bar and the words SAFETY CAR will be displayed.

Red Flag		A red bar will be displayed.
.SH SESSION CLOCK
The remaining time for the current session is shown at the bottom right of the display.
.SH FASTEST LAP
During the race, the fastest lap is shown, in purple, at the bottom of the display.
